Cheryl and Jim

Thanks very much All Pro Electric for your excellent and professional attention to our project.  It is much appreciated!

Jan and Tony

You have renewed our faith that there are good, caring contractors out there.  Your staff and crew went above and beyond to make sure that we were informed and comfortable with the work progress from start to finish.  We were very impressed when the inspector commented on the excellent quality of work that was done.  Thank you and know that we will refer you as the best contractor!

Pat

Your electrician did a phenomenal job on our kitchen and family room remodel.  Along the way he pointed out potential safety issues that existed in our house and made the necessary repairs.  We feel very safe knowing that he kept an eye out for us and our electrical system condition.  Your office staff is great too!  Very helpful and friendly.


Jennifer 
 
My experience with All Pro was great. I wasn't exactly sure what needed to be done as far as updating the old wiring in my 1896 home.  Kevin provided guidance about that, with particular attention to safety concerns.The electrician, who completed most of the work, was very friendly, punctual, and when new questions or options came up, he called me to be sure things would go as I planned. He was accomodating of my schedule and helpful when questions came up. When one outlet stopped working several weeks later, they came and fixed it at no charge. It's a huge improvement to my house that now switches are in the same room as the lights they turn on! It was a pleasure working with All Pro.

Joanne 

They did a good job installing a circuit for our garbage disposal. The cost was between $120 and $150. They were very professional. I would use them again in a heartbeat.

Nedra 

Prior to adding additional insulation in our attic, the insulation company suggested our can lights be replaced with the type which can be in contact with the insulation. I described the project over the phone to Kevin and we agreed to pay by time and materials. His quote was accurate and the project had no unanticipated surprises. The insulation company previously had come with their sub-contract electrician and his quote was almost 3 times higher.  The electrician arrived on time and completed the project quickly. He explained the project, my options for style of can lights, and answered my questions regarding other electrical areas of my house. He did not request payment that day and the office sent an invoice a couple days later.

Terri 

Always responsive and professional electricians. The electrician did a fast save on an bathroom electric outlet we tried to wire ourselves. He corrected the problem in 15 minutes, then within the next hour changed and rewired two landscape lights, and a 3-switch outlet in the same bathroom. We've worked with them for over 5 years, and always VERY satisfied with the workmanship, office staff, and electricians.

Susan
 
They took down a chandelier that was broken in my home.  It was a hazardous chandelier, it was about to fall. They were great, I told them I would definitely work with them. I thought that they were amazing. They got out here that day, as well.

Devon

The electrician came out and converted a service panel for me from 60 amp to 200 amps.  It was a very good experience.  He came out on time and stuck to the estimated cost he had given me previously. He also gave me some tips on some problems at my house and how I could solve them myself.

Andrew
At least five jobs: add switch for upstairs light, add surge protector to breaker panel, add separate outlet for refrigerator, replace outlet that was sparking and install outside motion detector light.  Our real estate agent recommended All Pro when we purchased in 2003, I consider Kevin's company our home's electrician. They do accept credit cards - and the service is worth very good. Aside from all the work performed, Kevin and team have provided invaluable advice.

Beverly
 
Rewired old outlets and added new ones upstairs in a 1923 home with nob & tube wiring. Added new dedicated circuits and ran wiring up through internal walls to second floor. Wired and installed lights in attic storage spaces. Added outdoor outlet on front porch. Installed all house surge suppressor in breaker box. The response from All Pro was outstanding from the beginning, starting with our phone call to the office (warm and courteous response)requesting an estimate. Kevin, the owner, came out to do the estimate within the week. He spent much more time than the other electricians we interviewed in detailing how he would approach the project, recommendations etc. He didn't even suggest running the wire outside (as two other estimators had) instead of the more difficult process of running up through existing interior walls. The electrician, arrived on time, was professional and pleasant, carried out what was planned but adjusted as needed when encountered problems, kept us informed,completed the work on time, cleaned up after himself, and showed us exactly what he had done. We are left with a feeling of complete satisfaction and confidence in the workmanship. We definitely would hire All Pro again!

Holly
 
Re-wire old knob and tube home.  Kevin is very knowledgeable and responsive. He is able to make these old homes safe without having to entirely rewire them. Much more knowledgeable than the other three contractors I had bid the job. He is also very prompt and does what he says.

Catherine

I called several companies to try to get estimates to move an large old junction box full of a tangle of different vintage wires that we uncovered when moving kitchen cabinets. I called more than one electrical company to get estimates.  It turned out to be a fairly straightforward electrical repair and the 1st electrician that came out was able to start working on the box right then and there. I appreciated that Kevin from All-Pro was willing to fit in my request to stop by the house the same day (my original call was only a few hours earlier). He was gracious about it all. I thought he had been accommodating and professional.

Dan 

Consultation prior to kitchen remodel, covering the kitchen work plus some additional general electrical recommendations.  Kevin was highly recommended by a contractor friend as "the most honest electrician" he'd ever worked with. Our experience matched that recommendation, even though we ended up using a licensed-electrician neighbor for the work. On the day of our appointment, Kevin called about a half-hour before he was supposed to show up, to say he was running EARLY and would we like him to come by sooner. We told him to come right over, and Kevin patiently walked through the kitchen with us and suggested what we'd need to do to be safe and to be up to code (which weren't always the same thing). He also inspected the existing outlets and fixtures throughout the house per my request, identifying what could be done to make them safer (and estimating how much it would cost). He emailed a detailed estimate the next business day, and he indicated when he'd be available to do the work. Overall, Kevin was extremely friendly and trustworthy. We would have gladly had him do the work, except that we discovered that our neighbor is a licensed electrician. Since our neighbor's schedule is more flexible and his rates are a bit lower (and since we like to support the ultra-local economy) we decided to have him do the work. We're gladly going to pay Kevin the consultation fee, which would have been waived if we'd used him for the work.